Raise an error when we return `sample()` or `counts()` with observables that are not diagonal! (#2924)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.25.0.md

* Calling `qml.equal` with nested operators now raises a NotImplementedError.
  [(#2877)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/2877)

> * Returning `qml.sample()` or `qml.counts()` with other non-commuting measurements of observables

Reviewer: Observables are non-commuting instead of the measurements themselves.
```suggestion
* Returning `qml.sample()` or `qml.counts()` with other measurements of non-commuting observables
```

>   now raises a QuantumFunctionError. (eg. `return qml.expval(PauliX(wires=0)), qml.sample()` 
>   now raises an error)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  now raises a QuantumFunctionError (e.g., `return qml.expval(PauliX(wires=0)), qml.sample()` 
  now raises an error).
```
